# Lecture 0 - CS50P
## Concepts
1. Functions
2. Bugs
3. Variables
4. Comments
5. Pseudocode (伪代码，`'sju:dəʊˌkəʊd`, where p is **not** pronounced)
6. Parameters and arguments.  
    - *Param*s are variables can be passed;
    - *Arg*s are params that are passed to a *function*s;
    - Mostly they are the same concept.

## `str`
1. `+` can *join* strings;
2. `print` = `print(*objects, sep=' ', end='\n', file=sys.stdout, flush=False)`:
    1. `print` can have many args (e.g. *string*s) passed;
    2. `sep` means the *seperator* of passed *string*s are ` `;
    3. The end of the line will add a default character `\n`;`
    4. It will be written to a special file, *Standard Output*;
    5. The *buffer* will not be flushed, similar to `fprintf` in `C` without `fflush(stdout);`
    6. `'` and `"` are both acceptable
3. `f"{}"` format
4. Method `strip()`: `str_var = str_var.strip()` will remove "*redundant*" ` `s (only *space*s beginning and ending with, no deletion in the middle).
5. Method `title()`: `str_var = str_var.title()`
6. Methods can be used together. Just append more.

## `int`
1. `1+2 = 3`, while `"1"+"2" = "12"`
2. `int(str)` can transfer a *text integer* `str` to a real `int`

## `float`
1. A `float` is a `float`.  
    ```python
    x = float(input())  # input 999
    y = float(input())  # input 1
    print(f"{z:,})
    ```  
    will return `1,000` and it is still indeed a fload. No need of `999.0` and `1.0`

## `def` - define Functions
1. No need to define the return value of function, and also for params. Just `def hello(name)` rather than `int hello (char *name)`.
2. Like `C++`, each param can have default value. e.g. `def hello(to="world")`
3. ***Scope*** is the extension that params function, that is one need to distinguish the difference between real parameters, form parameters, and values and know their scope of action.
4. 